                                                                                                                                                                  51                vegetables just drain).  
            4.Heat one tablespoon of oil.  
            5.Fry onions till it turns into brown & add the grounded paste. Just fry  
               for few seconds.  
            6.Then add the smashed vegetables & fry till it gets thickened. Wait to  
               cool.  
            7.Then make them into small balls and dip it in the above said Maida  
               consistency & immediately sm ear them in the above said powder and  
               spread them in the plate or paper to dry.  
            8.Once everything over just do deep -fry or roast both the sides of them  
               by adding little bit of oil till it turns into brown in the w ok or thava.  
 
          Servings: 12 -15 (depends upon the balls you are making)  
          Side Dish: Ketchup, Chilly chutney  
 
 
71. Kesar Pista Kulfi  
 
          Ingredients  
 
          Take two cans of evaporated milk.  
          One can of condensed milk  
          One 16 Oz wipped cream  
          1 \4 cup pista  
          1 pinch safron  
 
          Method  
 
            1.Take a pot and mix evaporated milk, condensed milk and wipped  
               cream with the hand grinder (mixer grinder)  
            2.Now mix pis ta and saforn in it  
            3.Put into a air sealed container and put in the freezer for 4 hours.  
 
                    Note: It will taste authentic with falooda.  
 
72. Apple, Banana & Carrot Halwa (ABC Halwa)  
 
           Ingredients  
 
           1 cup cho pped apple (without skin)  
           1 cup chopped banana  
           1 cup grated carrot  
           1 cup milk or 1/2 cup milk powder  
           1 cup coconut  
           3/4 cup ghee  
           2 cups sugar  
 
           Method  
 
           Grind carrot & mil k.  
           Mix all the ingredients together except ghee.  
           Keep on stirring till the apple & banana pieces are cooked & the halwa  
           becomes one mass.  
           Then add ghee, cardamom powder.  
           Remove from the stove top & d ecorate with nuts of your choice.  